chore: Clarify 2:1 ratio for operations throttling (#602)
momentohq/public-dev-docs: docs/cache/manage/limits.md

## Operations

Service limits are based on the number of operations performed per second. Some cache data plane APIs can perform multiple operations in a single request.

> Since batch operations are more efficient, the limit cost of these APIs is discounted at a **2:1 ratio**. This means every two elements will count as one operation towards the limiter. For example, a `SetAddElements` request adding one or two elements costs one operation, but with three or four elements it costs two operations, etc.

Reviewer: NIT: `batch operations` => `multi-element operations`

Author: done in [916a011](https://github.com/momentohq/public-dev-docs/pull/602/commits/916a011d858e56cabf2cc76b75f79865707123ef)

> Since batch operations are more efficient, the limit cost of these APIs is discounted at a **2:1 ratio**. This means every two elements will count as one operation towards the limiter. For example, a `SetAddElements` request adding one or two elements costs one operation, but with three or four elements it costs two operations, etc.

Author: ```suggestion
Since multi-element operations are more efficient, the limit cost of these APIs is discounted at a **2:1 ratio**. This means every two elements will count as one operation towards the limiter. For example, a `SetAddElements` request adding one or two elements costs one operation, but with three or four elements it costs two operations, etc.
```

The below table describes how the number of operations is calculated for all cache APIs.

> | API Name                 | Batch API | Operations                                                        |

Author: Do we want to call this `Batch API`? At one point we were calling these "multi element APIs" rather than "batch", so should this be like `Multi Element`?

Reviewer 2: good question. If we add `multiget` and `multiset` soon, I would think of those as "batch APIs". It's a little murkier for me whether stuff inside of a collection would also qualify as "batch". I would probably vote for multi-element but I don't feel strongly, maybe @allenheltondev and/or @danielamiao can weigh in.

Author: Hm, in the context of throttling, I think `multiget` and `multiset` would behave the same way as "multi element" APIs, so maybe in this context it doesn't matter? Like, if we added those APIs I think they'd just be in this same table rather than a different table?

Reviewer 2: yes, i agree. so i think the table and the docs will only need to say one thing, either way. just a matter of deciding which one of the two things to say, in case the word "batch" has other connotations/meanings to some people like it kinda does for me.

but i don't feel strongly about it.

Reviewer: I also prefer multi-element because something like `DictionaryFetch` doesn't intuitively sound like a "batched" API to me.

Author: Renamed to multi-element in [fe61606](https://github.com/momentohq/public-dev-docs/pull/602/commits/fe61606206dd47c9f27c4197f2eaac13b5bba999)

> | API Name                 | Batch API | Operations                                                        |

Author: I also wonder if we're going to include the `/2` in this column if we want to call this `Weighted Operations` or something like that?

Reviewer 2: i'm fine with Operations

| ------------------------ | ----      | ------------                                                      |
| Set                      |           | 1                                                                 |
| Get                      |           | 1                                                                 |
| Delete                   |           | 1                                                                 |
| Increment                |           | 1                                                                 |
| Ping                     |           | 1                                                                 |
| ItemGetType              |           | 1                                                                 |
| KeyExists                |           | 1                                                                 |

> | KeysExist                | X         | Number of keys in request/2                                       |

Author: This isn't 100% accurate... really it's `ceil(Number of keys in request/2)` but I'm not sure how we want to represent that in this table?

Reviewer 2: that's probably close enough imo

| SetIfNotExists           |           | 1                                                                 |
| UpdateTtl                |           | 1                                                                 |
| IncreaseTtl              |           | 1                                                                 |
| DecreaseTtl              |           | 1                                                                 |
| ItemGetTtl               |           | 1                                                                 |

> | DictionaryFetch          | X         | Number of fields in response/2, or 1 if dictionary is not found   |

Reviewer 2: in a few places in the docs (language support matrix etc.) we are using emoji checkmarks in tables:

https://github.com/momentohq/public-dev-docs/blob/main/plugins/example-code-snippets/src/api-support/api-support-matrix-generator.ts#L520

up to you if you wanna do that.

Author: nice! I like that. Updated in [b92305a](https://github.com/momentohq/public-dev-docs/pull/602/commits/b92305abbe45aed100312dbda5625ffb334393ae)
